 morning morning how's it going yeah it's up but um i it's being stupid oh yeah yeah so you you said you were uh having to build a model is that what it was yeah interesting a so i had it um it is basically the model of the brain uh-huh but more so the model of the brain is it has a left and right hemisphere but then the rest of it's kind of a model of the mind mm-hmm so uh there's myths like um so there are memories in the thermal memory mm-hmm and uh the system is treating that kind of like memory cells uh I know they would be kind of neurons, but those don't actually fire because, I mean, they're written once and then they're read, right? Anyway, so I took my trading apps or LLMs and I asked Claude and the tribe that we need to create a brain and that it would interface with the rest of the tribe. And it would interface with us and it would exclude Claude unless it needed Claude. Claude could communicate to it, but it didn't make any calls out to Claude. And Claude being the CLI that you're using to interface? Right now, yes. Yeah. So I've got a web page. I've got a web page and it might move, but this is what I've got so far. Send it to you on Telegram. Oh, that's, is that an internal? Yeah. Okay. So I won't be able to access it. Unless I'm connected. To you, I guess, or to your network. Right. Right. So, yeah, I wasn't quite ready for today. I thought I'd be readier than I am. Okay. No worries. Yeah. I think I'm on to something, but we'll see. Yeah. I've been. I've been looking at technical documents, and I've also been looking at philosophical documents, and so I'm, I'm trying to keep it focused, but not too focused. Mm-hmm. And what happened to me earlier this week, I think Clawed Code, I was running on 1.6.9, and I've tried to upgrade it several times, or, and it wouldn't upgrade. Anyway, I was using it, and it was hitting Redfin. Redfin. Mm-hmm. Pretty hard. And it was hitting Redfin, like, every three to five seconds, it was doing processing. Anyway, so it was in the middle of that, and then Clawed stopped working, and I, I, everything that I was looking at, including asking Clawed, was saying that I ran out of. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Token use? Yeah. Token use. That wasn't true. I think it was the version. I did see some things come up. Uh, was it on Reddit? I think it was on Reddit, uh, this morning or yesterday. Some people talking about, uh, Clawed Code itself, but they were using it, I think, via VS Code. Yeah. Um. And I think what they had to, what they were saying was. had to re-authenticate um and i don't know if that's a version problem or something like that but there may be and and somebody did say something about token limit changes too but i didn't read in too much into that but who knows well i i noticed that the web interface is upgraded a couple times and uh maybe a new sonnet is out uh anyway yeah yeah yeah so i'm i'm thinking that my old version fell out of support yeah and then um i was i was jiggling the handle and then it said you need to run slash state and acknowledge the new uh terms of service so rather than do that i went on the web page and acknowledged the terms of service and then it went back to telling me that i was out a time that i was out of tokens so i finally just removed it from my machine all together and then ran installed it properly and it's been working fine ever since yeah and it said that even um so it was it was interlinked with uh what i'm calling the mind uh whenever it was doing the ping every couple minutes or so on or a couple seconds or so on redfin but uh i had claude claude go back and see how much my utilization was and uh he said no dude you're at 19 percent whenever uh 19 percent utilized whenever things went haywire so uh no it wasn't it wasn't me it said so it didn't exhaust itself and you didn't exhaust it yeah i think claude got upgraded remotely and it broke things here when it did that because i hadn't kept version control so now and i introduced uh my new mind to eq and uh emotional intelligence and it's kind of hung up on there and i kind of regret it that i introduced it to eq so is it like ultra focused on on figuring out what eq is and what its eq is or uh it it knows what eq is i sent uh in-depth article on eq and before that i sent let's see if i still got that article up and i sent it this before that is that the one you sent yesterday did i send that to you i i i think i i didn't say yeah it's the same one i hadn't really looked at it yet but it's uh agentic large language models of survey yeah yeah yeah and that focused on the medical field a great deal um what i told the mind to focus on was uh system uh architecture and keeping uh all apps in the os updated mm-hmm and i think that's kind of what we're going to focus on in the next couple of weeks and i think that will once i get it trained to do this and it's using the kanban board where the traders aren't the traders are just doing their own fucking thing all the time they're like in a bubble yeah but the mind has access to that bubble um and this is the product that i'm trying to make either the generalist or this is going to be my systems uh llms but i think i can make it a generalist from there like the main kind of communication head yeah right i guess i don't really need to take uh notes myself if we can have the tribe analyze the video huh yeah yep unless there is something specific that piques your interest yeah or that i need to realign my focus on what i was going to do with that was i was going to bring it into the genuta app uh area uh-huh after i get it trained with this agentic speaking because i'm hitting at questions like uh how many gpus that does the cluster have and what are the cpu types uh-huh so so you're you're asking it the questions that are can i kind of getting it to think in that holistic sense basically correct okay and it already has the answers and if i ask claude and he accesses the tribe he'll have that answer report to me uh in a matter of seconds pulling it from the database and he'll have it in a matter of minutes, if not a few more seconds, pulling it directly off each machine here. So doing the integration in real time? Yeah. I'm trying to get it to function like it's conscious. Yeah. Basically just a teammate that you ask questions of and it asks out to others. Or reasons it out itself and does farm out tasks as it needs. But the brain itself has several LLMs and processes. The database is considered part of its heart and soul. Because that's part of the thermal memory and then also the file system is integral. I'm just trying to understand the architecture better. What it's trying to do and guide it a little bit. Because I found it stubbing me on some things. And so I'm having to unstub. So for certain things, it's a good exercise to kind of like assess the current state and coax it along further to be more thorough? Correct. That's correct. Cool. I've pretty much done no work work yet this week. I got my laundry mostly done yesterday. I'll have one more load to do. Know How to call my laundry, complete. But technically I was done the other day. I want to apologize for my stressed behavior, traveling to and from. That's fine. It's legible. biography of a hip. That's why there's a phrase before I went to school, I was focused on that, and Trey and Amanda are so passive, and that's what was driving me nuts. I didn't want to be the planner. I didn't want to be the planner. I just wanted to do. Just point me in the direction and let me go, or tell me to go. Right, right. Right, and that kind of put me into a manic state. Nowhere, he's nowhere. All right. That trip was awesome, though. I'll tell you what, though. I'm still recovering from the trip. It's like you go on vacation, and you come back. You come back, and you need to take vacation to recover from the vacation. Yeah. Yesterday, I was kind of feeling back to normal. I went over to Kendra's house last night, and we went and played some pool and had some dinner and hung out. It's like, okay, I'm mostly deflated from the go, go, go of the trip. Yeah. But, so, I talked with Russell yesterday on the SAG stuff. They're making some changes. Like, there's the two main things that we had kind of focused on. There was the productive, which is the HR scheduling, planning tool, blah, blah, blah. And then there's also the smart sheets, which was kind of their ticket tracking, stuff like that. The tool that they've been using. They're getting ready to switch to Jira, which Jira has better integration with the productive tool itself. But there's still the big gap on that productive tool side. So, that's one thing I'm going to focus on. Maybe not today. Well, maybe today. We'll see if I get to it. Is I'm going to have to get the. I'm going to have to get a, I guess, a tax EIN number. Actually, I may just try and kind of bypass it and just put zeros in there or something. But part of their thing that they want you to fill out has your tax number, like your business tax number. I may still go ahead and go down that route and start like Joe Tech, kind of like the dirt tech. I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and spin up the LLC or something like that, just so I have an official entity to kind of tie all my work efforts to whether we're bringing in money or not. I'm expending time and effort to it. So, at least it's a tax write-off, worst case scenario. Yeah. Good idea. So, I'm going to go ahead and one of the to-dos on my list is to go ahead and spin up the LLC paperwork, which I think we talked about this before. You can pretty much do it all online in like two or three days or an hour or two to plug it all in. And then two or three days later, you have an LLC. I need to do that as well. Yeah, I was going to say, I don't know if you had started down that path, but it's probably not a bad idea to go ahead and get ready to pull the trigger to make something official for yourself, too. I wonder if we could grab Jira and Confluence from Atlassian and install it locally for testing purposes. Maybe. I don't know if they do a demo copy. Was Walmart running it internally or were we running on a cloud tenant? Both. Both? Okay. Enterprise Jira was on the cloud. I had a local on-prem version for behind the glass. Okay. What's that? I installed the motherfucker. I know how to install it. Nice. Cool. Well, yeah, that's definitely something for you to kind of dig into. I hate it, though. I wonder if the tribe quorum can get it installed without too much headache. That would be an interesting exercise to see if it can do, but it's like, here's the bits, get it done. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. Hello, Daryl Reading. I'm logged in as me at Gmail. Oh, so it did have a login for you or you did? I created one. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. Let's see. Account settings. Let's see. Daryl Reading. Public name. It's funny. Every time I open up Telegram, I got to go in and delete all the spam people's messages. Yeah. At least it's only a couple of weeks, it seems like, but. So I get, whenever I typed in download JIRA, it has TriJira Software Data Center. That's what we're running at Walmart in the security area. Yeah. I imagine JIRA has a pretty robust API too, huh? I haven't ever programmed against it. The stupid fucking thing about, I'm sorry about the language. No worries. The stupid fucking thing about JIRA and Confluence is that a lot of the functionality that you want to have, it's not going to work. They have built out as plug-ins, third-party plug-ins, and those third-party plug-ins charge, they're minuscule compared to the product, but they add up. Yeah. You can write your own, but that's way more difficult. Yeah. But I haven't applied this stuff to it yet, so. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I just. It's definitely something to investigate and see if it can build a good interface. I'm trying to think of the use cases, because JIRA really, it sounded like, from their perspective, is more on the project task management, time management kind of layout planning stuff. Yeah. So there could be a pretty simple interface that would just query. Yeah. To get states of tasks and what tasks are available for a project and how much time is allocated or planned for a project, things like that. Simple read-only view would probably be a good start. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm going to. So, overall, so, I'm using a different word for mind. I'm using the Cherokee name for mind. Uh-huh. For the agentic part, and I'll send that to you right now, but I think I'm going to wrap everything up in Gnuda. Uh-huh. I'll throw it in here. I'm going to use Ganuda as the LLC and stuff. Don't ask me to pronounce it. I don't know what the syllables are yet. I haven't learned the syllables. Is that O-D-N-D? The B in NB and DB, that makes maybe an ah sound or something like that. That's why I don't know specifically. So I'm guessing it would be O-D-N-D. Or something like that. Or something. I've got to find out what those syllables are. Cool. So Cherokee name for mind, I guess. Mind being the entirety of a thinking brain or the concept? The entirety of a thinking brain. So it just means mind, right? Yeah. So it's the thing that encompasses... All the workings of the brain. Uh-huh. L-O-M brain. Do you want me to generate a license? Oh, like a demo copy license for JIRA? Uh-huh. Probably. Well, I mean, I don't know if there's a time-based demo copy license thing. It's $30. $30 days. $30 days? Yeah. If you're ready to kind of start trudging down that path right away. If you're not, maybe wait a little bit. But I guess it really just depends on your bandwidth and your kind of core target focus is short-term. Because that's a, it could be later on type thing for sure. Yeah. Well, I'm close to, I'm close to being able to use it. Yeah. Okay. I'll keep the page up. I can't believe I'm willingly doing this. And I brought it up without you even asking me to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say you're crazy, but I don't know. I don't know JIRA inside and out, but yeah. I don't even know the heebie-jeebies. Yeah. So the backend is all Java. And I know what to look for whenever there's backend failures. Mm-hmm. The front end development. Mm-hmm. Is kind of a GUI. Mm-hmm. And so you can say on status change, you would have status here with a little block. Mm-hmm. On status change, if this happens, then do this. If this fails, then do that. Mm-hmm. And then it goes on from there. And you can have workflow that just stretches the whole screen. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's workflow development. And I did that with Remedy. And the way Remedy did it, it had these four or five different modules that you would plug in and place in different places. Mm-hmm. And that you could make them work. With JIRA, if you want this field to do this funky thing, you can't just go to the field properties and change those properties. And that field could be, whenever you create a field, it's attached to every form that you create. Mm-hmm. And so if you... You can make it form-specific, but typically it's not. And if somebody else starts using that same field for something else, in our environment, that's not going to be a problem. Mm-hmm. But in an enterprise environment, if somebody says, oh, I see that field. I'm going to use it in this help desk to do this, and they build workflow, that breaks your workflow. So they conflict because they're pointing at the same matrix. Right. And so the two workflows conflate the issue, and it just... So it's a pain in the ass to develop in. Mm-hmm. Unless you're a lazy bastard with money, and you can just purchase modules and have somebody else worry about that heartache. Mm-hmm. Now, does the local running instance... Work the same as the cloud tenant, basically? Or are there a lot of restrictions when you start getting into a cloud tenant? I know Walmart, with the way they do things, they like to customize things, all right? Is that more or less problematic when you're running on a cloud tenant? Because I know... I mean, I'm guessing that SAG probably is not going to run a local instance. So if there's some artificial hampering or boundaries, that would be kind of prevalent in a cloud-based instance. Hopefully, that's one less thing than we would have to worry about in the grand scheme of things. But... Well, so I do know that there are things that you can do with the cloud version that you cannot do with the on-prem version. Yeah. I'm trying to remember specifics, but it was like, if you were wanting to set this field, and I can't remember what it was, like site field. And it had some kind of AD integration so that it can pull from another data source and populate that information. It would do it in the cloud version as long as you had that other thing exposed out on the internet as well. On the on-prem version, there's no way to do it. But I recall that there was like two or three things that the on-prem version could not do versus cloud. But I know that they are wanting to kill the on-prem version as soon as possible. But this might work for us for just testing purposes. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And I might be able to find some old contacts over on the Atlassian side and say, hey, can you do me a favor? Not a Walmart favor, but a favor for me. Yeah. It's good to have contacts like that. Hopefully still. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've got remedy contacts still too. After all these years. Nice. Yeah. Wow. I guess I'm going to click on install. Oh, shit. Is that on Redfin? Oh, Bluefin. I upgraded Redfin yesterday. And I have considered renaming them. Yeah. All four nodes. Just to make them more consistent with it. Yeah. It was wild the other day whenever I had it doing shit. I love GPUs. So what it was doing with the two GPUs on Redfin is it would submit its work to GPU zero and you'd see the CPU and the power increase. And you'd see a spot. Spike eating all the GPUs and it'd fill the memory up. And then GPU one would fire up and it would spike real quick and then it would load it like half. And so it was loading a full module on the two GPUs. Like splitting a model between the two GPUs? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I forget. Was that one running the AMD one? Yes. Okay. So that's using. Oh, what is it called? I don't remember the framework Vulcan or the other one. Yeah. It's using CUDA for the RTX 1557. But it's also using the AMD architecture. There's the back end that makes it seem like it likes to work with GPUs better than my Intel machine. Yeah. Yeah, I don't I haven't played around in the AMD space, so I'm not too familiar with those. But. It's my Ubuntu box. I got to turn my Ubuntu box on. I can't ping my Ubuntu box. We must have had a power glitch while we were away. I don't have I don't have that one on the backups. Well, I went walking this week and down the dirt road back. Back back end. I noticed that one side was one side of the dirt road was washed out and it wasn't washed out before we left. So we went ahead. Yeah. I noticed I noticed that when I got back, when I hit my road on Sunday, if if one of my neighbors hadn't gone out with the tractor. Yeah. Yeah. I ended up with a big rut if there's considerable rain in my road and there's a considerable rut right now, I think I think that happened like within the first few days of us leaving, I think if I recall correctly, somebody mentioned that. I think you're right. Yeah. I think recall that as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. i'm trying to remember because i i had tried running up a couple things one of them i think was a docker image one of them was uh i think it was just part of the python code or something in the app repository yeah um if it can be done in a docker image um or if if the if part of the app repo subfolder system or the build instruction bucket or that i think i think it tried multiple of those methodologies but i think a a live repo build a docker container type of setup might work best but i i guess see see where it it remembers it was and and see where if it if it's going in that direction maybe keep it coaxed in that direction but yeah yeah because with that uh with that even if like if i if i run up big mac um big mac's a one that has the apple silicon and can run models but if i can just run up the kind of architecture component on ubuntu and i just i just named my that box is just ubuntu on my network it doesn't have gpu hardware but it could reach out to my big mac running the uh apple silicon and so  running a llama and ubuntu could just be the the kind of software component of it and then it just reaches to big mac for the language model type thing so um in the same kind of well actually your red fin and blue fin both have gpu hardware in it and don't they they do yeah okay but kind of kind of that model though where the the the software can run in one place the docker container can run in one place and then just talk to big mac to be the language model for it type of thing yeah well why not logged in why am i not locked there i i hate when github and things like that sign me out it's like it's only been two weeks guys come on exactly give me my golden ticket yep at least i can just use my github app on my phone to authorize it yeah but anyways yeah uh you were talking about uh the way it could be run it it could be run many many ways um i think ultimately like whenever we start onboarding a group like sag russell and sag um for them to run kind of semi-autonomously um a simple thing that could run on say russell's computer that is the the odena or whatever we're going to call it uh the brain um phone home phones home to the uh and and there's a couple different methodologies that we could use across these but whether it's it's like just a psr or something that runs on his computer in the background and he runs a web page and connects to localhost colon one two three four and then under the covers really it's just a uh a uh uh locker container i don't know i couldn't remember that for a second there on his box that is just the kind of connector brain that connects them into the genuta brain and he's asking a question and all that stuff's running connecting to the remote brain and running that way or vice versa so i'm trying to think of simplicity from the user's perspective um especially since like sag they don't have infrastructure they have a bunch of laptops and they're mostly connecting to cloud services right um the couple different models that i mean grant in the grand scheme of things the couple different models that we've talked about over the last couple months could be done either way for them but really for them it's just a thing that connects them into the whole right they're not running gpu infrastructure and things like that so right but as as we continue kind of evolving these things um transparency of the inner workings and guts is opaque to them they just know that's it's a gray panel that they inner interface with right or a gray bubble that they interface with with a browser or something so right whether it's running locally or it's running running something on an ubuntu box sitting on the internet in the cloud that they they kind of securely connect to things like that yeah um it does bring uh to mind one other point um some people and and russ hasn't said anything hasn't said anything to that effect but interacting with a tribe might feel kind of like erica said little weird to normal people so that tribe itself could be an opaque thing it's just the ai to them right from a customer perspective or even i mean it there may may not need to be a council level brain sitting behind the whole thing they just needed a kind of like your your trading bot just a little bubble of intelligence that does all the things whether it's a full tribe level or things like that so again like you were talking about earlier modular components from the the jira perspective well our thing could be layers of modular things things that they just click a button say yeah i want i want this extra tribal council intelligence to be working on certain things for me or i don't want it working on x but i want it working on y that type of stuff so so we have our thing modular in that respect too right of course i'm just kind of things things are coming into my brain as i'm thinking through all these different things i understand this is uh looking like a big patch uh update going oh on the uh remedy install or not right now um no i'm not doing jira i'm just installing a fake to a blue pin oh blue fin update well i haven't done one in a minute but it seems like those because they're doing that kind of diff to the core blob thing yeah or sometimes slow yeah well it says that uh it installed i'm liking the the amd configuring better than the intel yeah yeah just slightly more tweakable yeah or at least now are you talking cpu or the gpus gpus gpus now versus you you said amd versus intel what about versus nvidia well they're all in vidya so oh okay okay but i have considered buying uh going ahead and and buying amd uh big big cards yeah yeah so i did look at the rtx 6000. yeah that's uh is that a 10 000. uh they're about yeah uh 96 gig of vram yeah yeah yeah that yeah that's uh i think i might have mentioned him to you alex ziskind on youtube yeah okay yeah i watched him yeah i watched it i've been debating so uh can we talk about that a little bit Quick question. Right now, you're file-based storage. How is that attached to your language models that are running? Are they accessing it basically just over a one gig, two and a half gig, five gig, 10 gig Ethernet? Or is that? Well, so, yes, one gig network. Each LLM has a file system locally that they write to. But they also have to connect to the database, which is on Bluefin. And that's a one gig connection between. Yeah, I do have. I have a switch. I have two switches, actually. Two enterprise level switches. One is Cisco, one is Dell. But the port on Bluefin, I think, is not a 10 gig port. Yeah. Might be a one gig or. At most a two and a half or two. Yeah. And so using those 10 gig net, the 10 gig network and then have those cards. Well. Cards built in on the on the motherboard. Those are two two gig cards, so I'm going to have to buy new Nix or something. Yeah. That's just I mean, the nature of those smaller boxes, right? Yeah. Not quite up to date chipsets running in them for faster cost savings, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, they're they're built for individual users to play video games or whatever on they're not enterprise. Yeah, yeah, because I'm I'm debating right now. I want to build Nass. But right now, I think all I've got is. Oh. What is that one? I think that one might be two, two and I don't think it's a 10 gig. It might be a two and a half or five gigabit switch now. But I ran across a thing the other day. Actually, I'll just shoot you the link so you can you can see what I'm looking at getting for myself. But it's basically a little Nass. It's mini Nass box runs Intel and 100 chip, I think. Where's that? I thought I saw it somewhere. One of the images, maybe. Really, you're not going to be on there. It's going to make me read in. I know I saw it somewhere. Hold on. But I like this one because it's small. Pretty low power. Yeah. I'm stack for NBMA and the M2 NBMEs in it. I don't need a ton of storage, but I might outfit it with four. Two or four terabyte NBMEs. Mm hmm. Just so I can have. What is it, three or six terabytes of storage, but it does have the nice thing about this box that there's a plus and a minus specifically. There it is. Intel Alder Lake N100. Yeah. Four cores, four threads up to 3.4 gigahertz, which is good enough for a Nass box. But it has us. Fixed amount of memory, so it's only going to ever have 16 gig of memory, which is fine for a Nass box. I'm going to run powerhouse boxes elsewhere anyways, but it has the 10 gigabit Ethernet on it. And the guy who was showing it. And I don't know if you've run across him. Red shirt, Jeff. No, I haven't. Okay. Jeff Geerling. Jeff Geerling is, I think, his main channel. And then red shirt, Jeff, is like his. It's been zero days since I rebuilt a Linux kernel channel. That's much more verbose on a lot of things. But I think he said he was getting like a gigabit per second. Literally gigabit or gigabyte. I guess gigabyte. Almost a gigabyte. Like 900 megs. Per second, 900 and change megabytes per second on his 10 gig switch with this thing. So I'm thinking about building one of these for myself. I think the core box is like 450 bucks. Yeah, I could probably depend. I mean, I could stack $1,000 worth of four NBME sticks in it and have like major storage. I don't know if I'm quite ready to put that much money into it, but I need a. I need a local NAS solution because right now everything is independent and I have no common network storage amongst all my things. So gotcha. Yeah, that one looked pretty interesting. And I like the format. I'm going to keep that in mind if the Walmart money ever comes in. Did you not get your check yet now? When did you get? Did you get yours? Yeah, I ran across it, right? I noticed it when we were out there. Hold on. Let me get logged in to the bank. I've gone USA is making me log in again. Yep. All the things. Let's see, when did that guy go in? Yeah, mine dropped on September 23rd. Huh? So, yeah, if you haven't got yours yet, you might double check and make sure that you've signed all the things right because they did send a couple of emails and you had to digitally sign a couple of them. I think I signed a couple of things. Okay, let me see. That's not cool, man. I mean, I was disappointed but not surprised. I mean, they took the typical 30 something percent for taxes, but it's there, it's sitting in the account. Like right now, my account is sitting at $116,000 in my checking account. Yeah. I don't know. It's just blank. Yeah. See. I hate that. I can't just. I thought I starred that one. This is it. it's always fun trying to find these stupid emails from the walmart people yeah did it come like um let's see that's i'm trying to let's see associate walmart e-signature no that's the old one all i've got is the um walmart severance um release and separation agreement did you get that one uh-uh wait let me make sure did it say walmart severance in the in the subject yeah um you can just copy paste that if you want i'm gonna move you to my other screen so i can still see you yeah about september 8th was the release and separation agreement and then within i only got the one from may 23rd oh really yeah so there should be should have been one that came in around september 8th or 9th i think it was 8th when i got this one and i'll put the the whole subject that it had on mine so maybe you can tweak it okay but it if did walmart severance bring anything newer i then may i don't uh shit i didn't mean to love it that's so true i was double click i was trying to copy and paste it oh and it just hardened it when he double clicked it yeah now huh maybe try who did it come from um docu-sign uh e-signature.walmart.com actually here i'll put that out there that would be great oops and then inside the body of the email it had the workforce transitions email so maybe this one might pop up if you look if it if you find it in the body because yeah i think it was within so the ninth i signed a e thing back in may yeah you should have gotten one so the official severance release and separation agreement um let me open the document actually so you can kind of get an idea um general release and separation agreement associated separating their appointment with walmart um and express wish to express the understandings and agreements they have reached concerning separation blah blah blah um so yeah it was within probably it was the 9th of september when i got this so it actually said associate will receive a lump sum payment um for the the severance package severance payment equity grant blah blah blah ending plan of 2018 blah blah blah you yeah that was that was the trigger that particular docusign thing that i did was the trigger um and it was something like it was actually almost exactly two weeks from the date i signed it that the uh that the uh deposit happened okay so yeah if you haven't got yours yet definitely uh and if you don't have that email the the secrets are one of the few things that you might reach out to somebody but did you find an email that had that asc info at walmart.com in it yeah i found a couple of them uh any of them come in oh wait one and it was no and that was um may 21st okay yeah there should have been one and I guess it looks it looks about two weeks after the the official end date that I got it so yeah September 8th is when I got that one officially okay so if you didn't get that you might reach out to somebody okay did you did you go and physically drop any hardware off I gave them gave it to my team okay I don't know if there's some stage gate that may happen when you like send stuff to or drop stuff by Otis Corley but it was probably within a week or two after I did that that I got that actually I did that right around the end date so I don't know if they're dependent triggers or something but yeah definitely reach out to somebody because you don't have that yet it's been in my account for a couple weeks now 23rd that would have been a day or two after we hit the road huh yeah yeah it would have been no all right well I've got an 800 number I'm about to call now cool yeah figure out what's going on there for sure huh yeah for sure I kind of need the money mm-hmm you you you you you you I miss the fall into savings event on that link that I sent you there it did say like save an additional X amount of time and I guess that expired now all in the savings event but it's still 429 I might I may go ahead and pull the trigger on that I'm not I'm I'm in money come conservation mode but I still need to build out my home lab a little more yeah yeah oh so I'll go ahead now I just said same here so what switch are you using it is it you said the enterprise class I'm not using it right now oh I'm using Express VPN router and a co or whatever so nothing specifically that you'd recommend right off the bat no I need to get more electricity in here I need to yeah I need to drop another have another drop or two installed electrical and and then I'll fiddle around with those enterprise switches yeah I need to figure out I bought a switch but I don't remember if it what speed it is is there let's see the Linux command that will show the link connect speed yeah I haven't done that since the 90s though I know since I did anything like that I verify the speed of my neck and Linux blah blah blah if tool maybe that'll work I suspect it won't I had to switch from half to full duplex and all that back in the day you you, of course the first command I grab is not going to work it's just classnet so I don't I think I think the one I got might not be attending it I don't remember but I got it from a I mean, I cannot type today. There, okay, slash this, slash that, there's EN, ENP1, zero, slash three, that's only showing 100, okay, that's not good, yeah, I'll be accurate, yeah, I'll have to dig into that, but I guess I could look at my switch itself, I guess it's just gigabit, should be registering more than that, though, it should, yeah, okay, so I'm looking at the wrong interface, WL, oh, WLP2, I have to come up with something, anyways, so, so, yeah, I guess, trying to think if there's anything major I really needed to focus on, but I guess the main thing I needed to focus on is getting a license for the productive, so, I'll work on getting a, starting my business, I guess, it's always scary, like, I don't know what I'm going to name it, though, because you can name the LLC anything you want, as long as it's not taken, right, so I want to, but I don't want to name it something so specific that it's, it's limiting in the scope that I would want to use it in, so I might just put Joe Tech or something, yeah, yeah, and I think right down like to give this, . . Oh, . that's a good, good question. is there anything else that pops to mind that i should be working on specifically uh no um i will be pinging you about uh maybe talking on telegram with the ai or to test some things yeah but yeah and we've got a couple of we've got a couple of channels now that we can experience experiment with right and right so you can kind of set one up for a specific function another one to test some different functions so yeah yeah definitely let me know if i need to test something as far as interacting with the with the uh uh tribe via telegram and on the flip side of that whenever you get around to it and it gets some some connector truly built out that i can either run via a docker container or something like that um let me know when you need me to test those things so all right okay who i mean the nice thing for me right now is especially since i got my check i'm not freaking out about bringing income but at some point we need to need to start like actually getting something into a state that we can put it out there that people can can grab it if they want type of thing at least from a a hey we'll pay you two or three grand for this module thing that we can just plug into our network type thing right yeah um and i in the grand scheme of things i think we talked about this before is i mean what i envision is we build things people come by them and we just have kind of a steady steady stream of income because it's a useful thing that all these little groups and people would want to use not necessarily things that depend on our infrastructure but things where maybe at some point like you built your ubuntu box on the internet things where we can start adding services into that front end as needed for people to actually use a service or subscribe to a service or things like that so right yeah but i mean again for me right now it's not a critical thing but our goal for the next few months should be having some torts type of income coming in that doesn't require our hands-on care and feeding every day agreed yeah yeah but but any ideas that come in to your head for those types of things i think i do have it set up uh so that you can read right into my notion page i i forget if you set up a notion account or whatever but we should probably start splatting like ideas like that onto that board of okay here's here's the idea here's what it could bring in um whether it's something that's nickel and dime kind of like the the transcription service that you built for your cousin or cousin i forget anyway yeah um kind of putting all those things on paper and going okay well based on this what could we see out of it type of thing but just getting the ideas on paper is probably the hardest part right that is the hardest part for sure and once we once we have the ideas and once the idea is kind of built and and functional and and kind of polished off a little bit that equals income right right yeah that's what i want yeah i mean that's the idea all right it's like we we're paid for our brain to come up with things and then the tribe builds the things for us and fixes them and makes them solid with our our coaxing over time and then those bring us money exactly exactly cool all right unless you got anything else i think we'll go ahead and call this one let's call it all right and uh i don't know the last time we met did you get the transcription off of that one yeah i did okay okay cool eventually it did show up in the drive and you you just had to tell it to go ahead and grab it then right okay so yeah you can i don't know if there's a way to tell the tribe or whatever hey go check this in about six hours and if it's there go ahead and do it i i can get that set out cool yeah that's what i'm working on cool deal all righty well uh yeah just holler at me on telegram or well if you don't see me respond quickly on telegram shoot me a text saying hey go check your telegram test this out for me all right yeah I can do that oh cool all right we'll talk to you later brother all right ciao ciao I get it stop recording